Update installation notes about macOS arm processors and Qt5 backends (#471)
napari/docs: docs/tutorials/fundamentals/installation.md

python -m pip install "napari[pyside2]"  # for PySide2
```

> However, if you have a Mac with the newer arm64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that, if you have a Mac with the newer arm64
```

> architecture (Apple Silicon), the installing pyside2 backend using `pip` is not supported. See [note on m1](note-m1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
architecture ([Apple Silicon](https://support.apple.com/en-us/116943)), then installing the PySide2 backend using `pip` is not supported because pre-compiled PySide2 packages
([wheels](https://realpython.com/python-wheels/)) are not available on
[PyPI](https://pypi.org), the repository used by `pip`. However,
you can install `pyside2` separately, for example from `conda-forge`,
and then use `pip install napari`.
```
